en
conf t
interface range GigabitEthernet0/1-2
switchport mode trunk
exit
vlan 10
name switch_48_vlan_1
exit
interface fa0/1
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/2
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/3
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/4
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/5
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/6
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/7
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/8
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/9
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/10
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/11
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/12
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/13
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/14
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/15
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/16
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/17
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/18
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/19
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/20
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/21
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/22
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/23
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/25
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/26
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/27
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/28
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/29
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/30
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
vlan 20
name switch_48_vlan_2
exit

interface fa0/31
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
exit

interface fa0/32
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
exit

interface fa0/33
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
exit

interface fa0/34
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
exit

interface fa0/35
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
exit

interface fa0/36
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
exit

interface fa0/37
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
exit

interface fa0/38
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
exit

interface fa0/39
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
exit

interface fa0/40
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
exit
