en
conf t
interface range GigabitEthernet0/1-2
switchport mode trunk
exit
vlan 10
name switch_24_vlan_1
exit
interface fa0/0
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/1
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/2
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/3
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/4
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/5
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/6
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/7
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/8
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/9
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/10
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/11
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/12
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/13
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/14
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/15
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/16
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/17
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/18
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/19
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
